Ideation

Based on the below user profiles and further discussion in class, I started thinking of the tools that would be useful for the user population.
For the students - I felt it imperitive to have a tool that was universally accessible so that they could use it along with friends and family and not feel isolated.

Hardware:
Looking at the loop machines that are already out there, here are a few of my findings -
* They are not alltogether expensive. There are models available for <$100.
* The models are simple in terms of the number of buttons they have
* Probably the one main issue to deal with here is fragility and "shape" of the tool itself


Looking at family members and



User Profiles

From the discussion we had with the Beat Rockers, make a list of all the people you think are going to use the tools we are designing.
BeatRockers instructors, Students, Friends and Siblings, Parents, Speech Therapist

From that list, select three users and make profiles for them
User Profile: BeatRockers instructor.

Name: Sarah

Age: 35

Occupation: Music Instructor/Producer.

Needs: Needs a tool that keeps easy track of students progress.

Challenges: There is a lot of data that is available which needs to be stored and properly identified

Motivations: To identify the progress in the students music and thereby speech skills

User Profile: Sibling of BeatRocker student (Harry)

Name: Jake

Age: 16

Occupation: Student

Needs: A portable loop machine/tool that he can use along with his brother to make music together

Challenges: Tool needs to be usable and accessible to both. Also needs to be small enough to carry around easily

Motivations: To connect and play with brother while helping him in his speech therapy (secretly)

User Profile: Speech Therapist

Name: Linda

Age: 42

Occupation: Speech Therapist

Needs: A tool that helps me understand the new lesson plans and keep track of students progress

Challenges: I am not very aware of music. Also the tool needs to pull relevant data to keep track of progress.

Motivations: I can use this to better understand my students and therefore connect with and help them more.
